hi everybody at home it's me mr. hands
along with our pal Bobby say hi to
everyone at home Bobby hey Bobby I'm
down
breathe breathe like I taught you okay
Bobby gets really excited with the
organized on your body okay Bobby
that is awesome I'm glad everyone at
homes like South Octonauts as much as
you do and today we're gonna be looking
at a very cool Octonauts tweet has went
oh yes she does and we're gonna do a
review on that later but today we're
looking at kwazii's octo Mac's suit
maintenance and kiss out your pieces and
bring them back and rescue them that's
right Bobby no mission is impossible for
kwazii's deep water suit his octoman
suit is fully equipped a light sound and
a rescue claw to help rescue stranded
sea creatures Wow and you get everything
here and you want to hear the coolest
thing about this Bobby watch this right
here
does Bobby yeah
it's almost like they occupied in the
noises but it's pretty cool
well Bobby let's take the octo Mac suit
or kwazii's octoman suit out of the box
and see what it looks like okay now
remember a quasi dr. Maxine is four
three and up and if we look on the side
right here we can see where the hook is
deploying from the back of the suit so
it's gonna be kind of cool when we take
this out to see what looks like look on
the back you can see some of the cool
things that the suit can do it can pick
up and carefully move sea creatures and
it shoots the hook and it looks so
rather neat and it makes those awesome
sounds let's go ahead and take it out of
the box and see what it looks like we
might have to use some fast forward
motion time on this
so Bobby what do you think about
kwazii's Optima akin time with you mr.
hands well yes I know Bobby it's gonna
make a great pretend time and what comes
in the boxes first we have Kwazii and
he's got his deep water orange suit on
and his eye patch right now he's cool
and it comes with the octo mocks de vars
which makes all kinds of cool sounds as
we've heard in the past it has a claw
for helping sea creatures and moving
them around it does move fully
articulated and it looks rather cool and
on the back here we have button yeah
that's right Bobby it does it uses air
power power to throw a rescue hook to
the sea creatures which also comes in
the pack and we'll put that on and try
it out here in a second and last but not
least it comes with this cute little sea
creature here's a little crab and you
can help rescue it by grabbing it with
the claw and then taking it somewhere
safe can you break Kwazii inside shoot
yes you can Bobby the suit opens up and
you can employ us Kwazii at the controls
Wow yes kill me at any time yeah yes we
can Bobby let's go play pretend time the
hawk came out is right that little crab
is way too close to that volcano we need
to rescue him
I'll do it with the octo Mac suit its
rescue hook
ohto what is happening hello hi there
woman crab are you okay we rescued you
who knew I'm not okay
what are you doing this is very very
weird you disturb me from me eating boy
but we saw you next to a volcano and we
thought you were about to get hurt we
may have made a mistake
we like to stare and the whole kingdom
because it didn't work here in the
mystic zone and it is our home what we
probably made a mistake you we're sorry
mr. Yeti crab what is that smell
oh it what make cotton but it does smell
of rotten eggs darn it no that is me it
is the sulfur from the volcano that you
are smelling it smells a lot like rotten
eggs hmm all right there mr. Yeti crab
what we're sorry we disturbed you we'll
let you get back to your natural habitat
okay all right then
thank you very much but trying to help
me even though I didn't need it but I
will go home now and it was nice meeting
you
ah so nice alright Kwazii and Lucic
we're finished here let's head back to
the octopod
yes it was Bobby and I'm glad you had
fun with it I'm glad everyone at home
enjoyed this review of Fisher prices
Octonauts kwazii's octo max suit it is a
great toy to add to your octo not
collection and be sure to subscribe to
us here on toy time TV leave us a
comment and also give us a thumbs up
because we love thumbs ups don't we
Bobby poisoning yes we do Bobby we
produce a lot of videos here on YouTube
a lot of Tory videos educational videos
and playtime videos for you the audience
so be sure to subscribe to us too
watch more of our videos and we'll see
you next time here on toy time TV say
bye to everyone Bobby hi guys you can
watch more boy time videos by clicking
the videos and also clicking the big
subscribe button to subscribe to us here
on 20-time TV